Company introduction
Everest fresh ltd is  private limited company
We are currently in set up a juice factory. It was founded in 2012 . with aim of bridging the gap between market and farmers turnkey solutions we anticipate to introduce high end product ranges such as Nectar, Essential, premium , light and milk flavoured products.

At full production the company will employ 3,800 people to work in our 5 production lines that will make 1l , 250ml, 300ml and 125ml packaging for the different target segments. All this in partnership with number of aseptic packaging companies. PET company.

Our market target is both local and regional and export.

COMPANY PROFILE

Efl establishment in 2012 was to address the supply of fruits to juice factories in Kenya. But currently the main goal is to create project - focused company concerned healthy diet.

There are three main profile areas :

1). Seedling planting and fruit production

2). Fruit processing and preparation of healthy diet products

3). Healthy diet consultancy

Seedling planting and fruit production

The company focuses on planting and production of assorted fruits. This is done through sourcing hybrid seedlings, distributing to our contracted farmer's, complex advisory on crop husbandry's.

Currently we have made strides in productions and proved viability of the project. And we are prepared to commercialize the fruit production. Targeting entire western counties is BUSIA county, Bungoma County , Siaya county, Kitale County, Elgeyo marakwet county, Baringo county and west pokot County.

With this rubust investment. We look to be the economic power drive in opening the potential of the counties in our presence.

Fruit processing and preparation of healthy diet products

The company is in the process of establishing a new operation unit.. Employing modern technology to process assorted fruits and different healthy diet products without chemical preservatives and artificial sweeteners and colourings.

Products such as juices, syrups, dry fruits/ candided, jams will be prepared from natural organic grown fruits which will be processed by technological approach .

We are working with a team of qualified quality control personnel an army of qualified agricultural expertise who have first hand fruit productionknowledge.  Withthis blessed team they are involved from seed procuring, selection of highyielding cultiva, entire fruit husbandry we are guaranteed on high end products.

In our processing the company will implement food safety systems based on HACCP principles helping the company to control all dangerous factors that can be present in food products: To provide appropriate sanitary conditions of production according to the international standards; to consolidate confidence of consumer, customer and controlling authorities towards the products; to promote companies image

Healthy diet consultancy

The company has invested into development of nutrient software which should help single person to evaluate income and outcome of energy. Physical activity. Health risks etc.

The bottom line is to point out on short comings in people diet and help them to get easily familiar with choice of proper meals in preparation to proper exercising programs more importantly change in their lifestyle.

Our ultimate goal is to help our customers come to terms with proper diet programs with health considerations and access relevant information without increased investments.

Our mission statement

To build a strong long term relationships with our customers and clients and provide exceptional customer services by pursuing business through innovation and advanced technology

Our vision

Efl stands out to provide quality services that exceeds the expectations of our esteemed customers

The thread network serves as a unique  framework for our roadmap . This is the back bone of our future sustainable and quality development .

Core values
